feat: git tag step + tag support for git push (#5785)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/50-user-guide/60-reference-docs/30-promotion-steps/git-push.md

# `git-push`

> `git-push` can push committed changes or new tags from specified working tree to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git-push` can push committed changes or new tags from a specified working tree to
```

    generateTargetBranch: true
# Open a PR and wait for it to be merged or closed...
```

### Pushing Tags

In this example, a tag is pushed to the remote repository. The `git-tag` step 

> typically precedes the [`git-tag`](git-tag.md) in order to create the new tag.

Reviewer: I think `git-tag` preceding `git-tag` was a mistake, but regardless, I'd shorten this quite a bit because I don't think this is (or will be) common usage.

```suggestion
In this example, a new tag is pushed to the remote repository.
```
